Update local.adoc (#628)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/files/external_storage/local.adoc

> = Local - Security Risk, only use if you know what you do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Local - Security Risk, only use if you know what you are doing
```

Local storage provides the ability to mount any directory on your ownCloud server that is:

* Outside of your ownCloud `data/` directory
* Both readable and writable by your HTTP server user

> As this dilutes the difference between ownCloud Admin and sysadmin this is a significant security risk and therefor default off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this dilutes the difference between ownCloud Admin and sysadmin this is a significant security risk and therefore off by default.
```

> Please only enable local local if ownCloud Admin and sysadmin are by purpose the same person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please only enable Local storage if ownCloud Admin and sysadmin are purposely the same person.
```
